---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_destination Resource - terraform-provider-streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Destination resource
---

# streamkap_destination (Resource)

Destination resource

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) Destination config (Json String)
- `connector` (String) Destination connector
- `name` (String) Destination name

<!-- Example -->

## Example Usage

### Snowflake Connector

```terraform
data "streamkap_token" "this" {}
resource "streamkap_destination" "snowflake" {
  name      = "My Snowflake" # The name of the destination
  connector = "snowflake"    # Please do not change this
  config = jsonencode({
    "snowflake.url.name"               = "http://localhost.com"
    "tasks.max"                        = 1
    "snowflake.user.name"              = "root"
    "snowflake.private.key"            = "private_key"
    "snowflake.private.key.passphrase" = "ABCD"
    "snowflake.database.name"          = "databasename"
    "snowflake.schema.name"            = "schemaname"
    "snowflake.role.name"              = "STREAMKAP_ROLE"
  })
}
```

#### Argument Reference

- `config` - (Required) Destination config (Json String)
- `connector` (Required) Set the value as `snowflake` if we want to create a Snowflake conenctor
- `name` (Required) Destination name

##### "config" object

- `snowflake.url.name` - (Required) The URL for accessing your Snowflake account. This URL must include your account identifier. Note that the protocol (https://) and port number are optional
- `tasks.max` (Required) The maximum number of active tasks. Min: `1`, Max: `10`
- `snowflake.user.name` (Required) Username to access the database
- `snowflake.private.key` (Required) The private key to authenticate the user. Include only the key, not the header or footer. If the key is split across multiple lines, replace the line breaks to `\n`.
- `snowflake.private.key.passphrase` (Required) The private key passphrase. This must be at least 4 characters long.
- `snowflake.database.name` (Required) Database from which to stream data
- `snowflake.schema.name` (Required) Comma-separated list of schemas to include in the stream.
- `snowflake.role.name` (Optional) The name of an existing role with necessary privileges (for Streamkap) assigned to the `Username`

### MySQL Connector

```terraform
data "streamkap_token" "this" {}
resource "streamkap_destination" "mysql" {
  name      = "My Stream 1"
  connector = "mysql"
  config = jsonencode({
    "database.hostname.user.defined" = "localhost"
    "database.port.user.defined"     = "3306"
    "database.database.user.defined" = "test"
    "connection.username"            = "root"
    "connection.password"            = "password"
    "delete.enabled"                 = true
    "insert.mode"                    = "insert"
    "schema.evolution"               = "none"
    "tasks.max"                      = 1
    "primary.key.mode"               = "record_key"
    "primary.key.fields"             = "id"
  })
}
```

#### Argument Reference

- `config` - (Required) Destination config (Json String)
- `connector` (Required) Set the value as `mysql` if we want to create a Snowflake conenctor
- `name` (Required) Destination name

##### "config" object

- `database.hostname.user.defined` - (Required) MySQL Hostname. For example, mysqldb.something.rds.amazonaws.com
- `tasks.max` (Required) The maximum number of active tasks. Min: `1`, Max: `10`
- `database.port.user.defined` (Required) MySQL Port. For example, 3306
- `database.database.user.defined` (Required) Database name
- `connection.username` (Required) Username to access the database.
- `connection.password` (Required) Password to access with the database
- `delete.enabled` (Required) Boolean: `true` or `false`. Specifies whether the connector processes DELETE or tombstone events and removes the corresponding row from the database.
- `insert.mode` (Required) Specifies the strategy used to insert events into the database. Options: `insert` and `upsert`.
- `schema.evolution` (Required) Specifies how the connector evolves the destination table schemas. Options: `none` and `basic`.
- `primary.key.mode` (Required) Specifies how the connector resolves the primary key columns from the event. Options: `none`, `record_key` and `record_value`.
- `primary.key.fields` (Optional) Either the name of the primary key column or a comma-separated list of fields to derive the primary key from. Please provide the value for this field when the value of `primary.key.mode` is set to `record_key` or `record_value`.
