---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_source_mariadb Resource - terraform-provider-streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a MariaDB source connector.
  This resource creates and manages a MariaDB source for Streamkap data pipelines.
  Documentation https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform
---

# streamkap_source_mariadb (Resource)

Manages a **MariaDB source connector**.

This resource creates and manages a MariaDB source for Streamkap data pipelines.

[Documentation](https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_hostname` (String) The IP address or hostname of the MariaDB database server. For example, mariadb.something.rds.amazonaws.com
- `database_include_list` (String) Databases to include. The connector does not capture changes in any database whose name is not included.
- `database_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the MariaDB user that the connector uses to connect to the MariaDB database server.

**Security:** This value is marked sensitive and will not appear in CLI output or logs.
- `database_user` (String) The name of the MariaDB user that the connector uses to connect to the MariaDB database server.
- `name` (String) Name of the source
- `table_include_list` (String) Source tables to sync. The connector does not capture changes in any table that is not included.

### Optional

- `binary_handling_mode` (String) Specifies how the data for binary columns e.g. blob, binary, varbinary should be represented. This setting depends on what the destination is. See the documentation for more details. Defaults to `bytes`. Valid values: `bytes`, `base64`, `base64-url-safe`, `hex`.
- `column_exclude_list` (String) An optional, comma-separated list of regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of columns that should be excluded from change event record values. Fully-qualified names for columns are of the form schemaName.tableName.columnName.
- `database_connection_time_zone` (String) Set the connection timezone. If set to SERVER, the source will detect the connection time zone from the values configured on the MariaDB server session variables 'time_zone' or 'system_time_zone'  Defaults to `SERVER`. Valid values: `SERVER`, `UTC`, `Africa/Cairo`, ` Asia/Riyadh`, `Africa/Casablanca`, `Asia/Seoul`, `Africa/Harare`, `Asia/Shanghai`, `Africa/Monrovia`, `Asia/Singapore`, `Africa/Nairobi`, `Asia/Taipei`, `Africa/Tripoli`, `Asia/Tehran`, `Africa/Windhoek`, `Asia/Tokyo`, `America/Araguaina`, `Asia/Ulaanbaatar`, `America/Asuncion`, `Asia/Vladivostok`, `America/Bogota`, `Asia/Yakutsk`, `America/Buenos_Aires`, `Asia/Yerevan`, `America/Caracas`, `Atlantic/Azores`, `America/Chihuahua`, `Australia/Adelaide`, `America/Cuiaba`, `Australia/Brisbane`, `America/Denver`, `Australia/Darwin`, `America/Fortaleza`, `Australia/Hobart`, `America/Guatemala`, `Australia/Perth`, `America/Halifax`, `Australia/Sydney`, `America/Manaus`, `Brazil/East`, `America/Matamoros`, `Canada/Newfoundland`, `America/Monterrey`, `Canada/Saskatchewan`, `America/Montevideo`, `Canada/Yukon`, `America/Phoenix`, `Europe/Amsterdam`, `America/Santiago`, `Europe/Athens`, `America/Tijuana`, `Europe/Dublin`, `Asia/Amman`, `Europe/Helsinki`, `Asia/Ashgabat`, `Europe/Istanbul`, `Asia/Baghdad`, `Europe/Kaliningrad`, `Asia/Baku`, `Europe/Moscow`, `Asia/Bangkok`, `Europe/Paris`, `Asia/Beirut`, `Europe/Prague`, `Asia/Calcutta`, `Europe/Sarajevo`, `Asia/Damascus`, `Pacific/Auckland`, `Asia/Dhaka`, `Pacific/Fiji`, `Asia/Irkutsk`, `Pacific/Guam`, `Asia/Jerusalem`, `Pacific/Honolulu`, `Asia/Kabul`, `Pacific/Samoa`, `Asia/Karachi`, `US/Alaska`, `Asia/Kathmandu`, `US/Central`, `Asia/Krasnoyarsk`, `US/Eastern`, `Asia/Magadan`, `US/East-Indiana`, `Asia/Muscat`, `US/Pacific`, `Asia/Novosibirsk`.
- `database_port` (Number) Port number of the MariaDB database server. For example, 3306 Defaults to `3306`.
- `database_ssl_mode` (String) Enables SSL/TLS in a specific mode Defaults to `required`. Valid values: `required`, `disabled`.
- `heartbeat_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a table in this database to simulate activity from the source database to keep the database transaction log 'alive'. Required when `heartbeat_enabled` is `true` and `snapshot_gtid` is set to `No`.
- `heartbeat_enabled` (Boolean) Heartbeats are used to monitor whether the connector is still receiving change events from the database, especially when there is low and intermittent traffic. Defaults to `true`.
- `schema_history_internal_store_only_captured_databases_ddl` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connector records schema structures from all logical databases in the database instance or only captured databases. Enabling this when you have many databases in your instance can improve performance and avoid timeouts. Defaults to `false`.
- `schema_history_internal_store_only_captured_tables_ddl` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connector records schema structures from all logical tables in the captured schemas or databases, or only captured tables. Enabling this when you have many tables can improve performance and avoid timeouts. Defaults to `false`.
- `signal_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a table in this database to monitor incremental snapshotting. Follow the instructions in the documentation for creating this table and specify which database to use here.
- `snapshot_gtid` (String) Whether or not to use a read-only connection. MariaDB has GTID enabled by default, so no additional configuration is necessary. Defaults to `Yes`. Valid values: `Yes`, `No`.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Streamkap will connect to SSH server in your network which has access to your database. This is necessary if Streamkap cannot connect directly to your database. Defaults to `false`.
- `ssh_host` (String) Hostname of your SSH server
- `ssh_port` (Number) Port of your SSH server Defaults to `22`.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Public key to add to SSH server Defaults to `<SSH.PUBLIC.KEY>`.
- `ssh_user` (String) User that allows Streamkap to connect to SSH server Defaults to `streamkap`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `connector` (String) Connector type
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the source

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Source MariaDB can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import streamkap_source_mariadb.example-source-mariadb 00000000000000000000000000
```
