---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_source_postgresql Resource - streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a PostgreSQL source connector.
  This resource creates and manages a PostgreSQL source for Streamkap data pipelines.
  Documentation https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform
---

# streamkap_source_postgresql (Resource)

Manages a **PostgreSQL source connector**.

This resource creates and manages a PostgreSQL source for Streamkap data pipelines.

[Documentation](https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_dbname` (String) Database from which to stream data
- `database_hostname` (String) PostgreSQL Hostname. For example, postgres.something.rds.amazonaws.com
- `database_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to access the database

**Security:** This value is marked sensitive and will not appear in CLI output or logs.
- `database_user` (String) Username to access the database
- `heartbeat_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a table in this database to simulate activity from the source database to keep the database transaction log 'alive'.
- `name` (String) Name of the source
- `schema_include_list` (String) Schemas to include.
- `signal_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a table in this schema to monitor incremental snapshotting. Follow the instructions in the documentation for creating this table and specify which schema to use here.
- `table_include_list` (String) Source tables to sync.

### Optional

- `binary_handling_mode` (String) Specifies how the data for binary columns e.g. blob, binary, varbinary should be represented. This setting depends on what the destination is. See the documentation for more details. Defaults to `bytes`. Valid values: `bytes`, `base64`, `base64-url-safe`, `hex`.
- `column_exclude_list` (String) An optional, comma-separated list of regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of columns that should be excluded from change event record values. Fully-qualified names for columns are of the form schemaName.tableName.columnName.
- `column_include_list` (String) An optional, comma-separated list of regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of columns that should be included in change event record values. Fully-qualified names for columns are of the form schemaName[.]tableName[.](columnName1|columnName2)
- `column_include_list_toggled` (Boolean) Toggle between Inclusion (include only selected columns) and Exclusion (exclude selected columns). Defaults to Inclusion (On). Defaults to `true`.
- `database_port` (String) PostgreSQL Port. For example, 5432 Defaults to `5432`.
- `database_sslmode` (String) Whether to use an encrypted connection to the PostgreSQL server Defaults to `require`. Valid values: `require`, `disable`.
- `heartbeat_enabled` (Boolean) Heartbeats are used to monitor whether the connector is still receiving change events from the database, especially when there is low and intermittent traffic. Defaults to `true`.
- `include_source_db_name_in_table_name` (Boolean) Changes the format of topics to 'DatabaseName_TopicName' Defaults to `false`.
- `insert_static_key_field_1` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_key1_static_field' instead.
- `insert_static_key_field_2` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_key2_static_field' instead.
- `insert_static_key_value_1` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_key1_static_value' instead.
- `insert_static_key_value_2` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_key2_static_value' instead.
- `insert_static_value_1` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_value1_static_value' instead.
- `insert_static_value_2` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_value2_static_value' instead.
- `insert_static_value_field_1` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_value1_static_field' instead.
- `insert_static_value_field_2` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'transforms_insert_static_value2_static_field' instead.
- `predicates_is_topic_to_enrich_pattern` (String) Regex pattern to match topics for enrichment. Defaults to `$^`.
- `predicates_istopictoenrich_pattern` (String, Deprecated) DEPRECATED: Use 'predicates_is_topic_to_enrich_pattern' instead.
- `publication_name` (String) The name of the publication for the connector to use. Defaults to `streamkap_pub`.
- `slot_name` (String) The name of the replication slot for the connector to use. Defaults to `streamkap_pgoutput_slot`.
- `snapshot_read_only` (String) When connecting to a read replica PostgreSQL database, this must be set to 'Yes' to support Streamkap snapshots Defaults to `Yes`. Valid values: `Yes`, `No`.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Streamkap will connect to SSH server in your network which has access to your database. This is necessary if Streamkap cannot connect directly to your database. Defaults to `false`.
- `ssh_host` (String) Hostname of your SSH server
- `ssh_port` (String) Port of your SSH server Defaults to `22`.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Public key to add to SSH server Defaults to `<SSH.PUBLIC.KEY>`.
- `ssh_user` (String) User that allows Streamkap to connect to SSH server Defaults to `streamkap`.
- `streamkap_snapshot_custom_table_config` (String) Explicitly set nb of parallel chunks for tables. Format: {"db.Some_Tbl": {"chunks": 5}}. This allows manual settings for parallelization when stats are outdated and estimated table size cannot be computed reliably.
- `streamkap_snapshot_large_table_threshold` (Number) The threshold in MB for a Large Table to require multiple chunks to be read in parallel. Defaults to `20000`.
- `streamkap_snapshot_parallelism` (Number) How many parallel chunk requests to send to the source DB. Defaults to `1`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `transforms_insert_static_key1_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_key1_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_key2_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_key2_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_value1_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_insert_static_value1_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_insert_static_value2_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_insert_static_value2_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message value.

### Read-Only

- `connector` (String) Connector type
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the source

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Destination Snowflake can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import streamkap_source_postgresql.example-source-postgresql 665e894ebb3753f38d983cee
```
