---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_source_vitess Resource - terraform-provider-streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Vitess source connector.
  This resource creates and manages a Vitess source for Streamkap data pipelines.
  Documentation https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform
---

# streamkap_source_vitess (Resource)

Manages a **Vitess source connector**.

This resource creates and manages a Vitess source for Streamkap data pipelines.

[Documentation](https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_hostname` (String) IP address or hostname of the Vitess database server (VTGate).
- `name` (String) Name of the source
- `table_include_list` (String) Source tables to sync.
- `vitess_keyspace` (String) The name of the keyspace from which to stream the changes.
- `vitess_vtctld_host` (String) IP address or hostname of the VTCtld server.
- `vitess_vtctld_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the VTCtld database server.

**Security:** This value is marked sensitive and will not appear in CLI output or logs.
- `vitess_vtctld_user` (String) The username of the VTCtld server.

### Optional

- `column_exclude_list` (String) An optional, comma-separated list of regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of columns that should be excluded from change event record values. Fully-qualified names for columns are of the form schemaName.tableName.columnName.
- `database_password` (String, Sensitive) An optional password of the Vitess database server (VTGate). If not configured, unauthenticated VTGate gRPC is used.

**Security:** This value is marked sensitive and will not appear in CLI output or logs.
- `database_port` (Number) Integer port number of the Vitess database server (VTGate). Defaults to `15991`.
- `database_user` (String) An optional username of the Vitess database server (VTGate). If not configured, unauthenticated VTGate gRPC is used.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Streamkap will connect to SSH server in your network which has access to your database. This is necessary if Streamkap cannot connect directly to your database. Defaults to `false`.
- `ssh_host` (String) Hostname of your SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`.
- `ssh_port` (Number) Port of your SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`. Defaults to `22`.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Public key to add to SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`. Defaults to `<SSH.PUBLIC.KEY>`.
- `ssh_user` (String) User that allows Streamkap to connect to SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`. Defaults to `streamkap`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `vitess_tablet_type` (String) The type of Tablet (hence MySQL) from which to stream the changes Defaults to `MASTER`. Valid values: `MASTER`, `REPLICA`, `RDONLY`.
- `vitess_vtctld_port` (Number) Integer port number of the VTCtld server. Defaults to `15999`.

### Read-Only

- `connector` (String) Connector type
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the source

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Source Vitess can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import streamkap_source_vitess.example-source-vitess 00000000000000000000000000
```
