---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_source_mongodbhosted Resource - terraform-provider-streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a MongoDB source connector.
  This resource creates and manages a MongoDB source for Streamkap data pipelines.
  Documentation https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform
---

# streamkap_source_mongodbhosted (Resource)

Manages a **MongoDB source connector**.

This resource creates and manages a MongoDB source for Streamkap data pipelines.

[Documentation](https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `collection_include_list` (String) Source collections to sync.
- `database_include_list` (String) Source databases to sync.
- `mongodb_connection_string` (String, Sensitive) Mongodb Connection String. See Mongodb documentation for further details.

**Security:** This value is marked sensitive and will not appear in CLI output or logs.
- `name` (String) Name of the source
- `signal_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a collection in this database to monitor incremental snapshotting. Follow the instructions in the documentation for creating this collection and specify which database to use here.

### Optional

- `predicates_is_topic_to_enrich_pattern` (String) Regex pattern to match topics for enrichment. Defaults to `$^`.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Streamkap will connect to SSH server in your network which has access to your database. This is necessary if Streamkap cannot connect directly to your database. Defaults to `false`.
- `ssh_host` (String) Hostname of your SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`.
- `ssh_port` (Number) Port of your SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`. Defaults to `22`.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Public key to add to SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`. Defaults to `<SSH.PUBLIC.KEY>`.
- `ssh_user` (String) User that allows Streamkap to connect to SSH server. Required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`. Defaults to `streamkap`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `transforms_insert_static_key1_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_key1_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_key2_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_key2_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message key.
- `transforms_insert_static_value1_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_insert_static_value1_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_insert_static_value2_static_field` (String) The name of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_insert_static_value2_static_value` (String) The value of the static field to be added to the message value.
- `transforms_unwrap_array_encoding` (String) How to encode arrays. 'Array' encodes them as Array objects but requires all values in the array to be of the same type. 'Array_String' encodes them as JSON Strings and should be used if arrays have mixed types Defaults to `array_string`. Valid values: `array`, `array_string`.
- `transforms_unwrap_document_encoding` (String) How to encode nested documents. 'Document' encodes them as JSON Objects, 'String' encodes them as JSON Strings Defaults to `document`. Valid values: `document`, `string`.

### Read-Only

- `connector` (String) Connector type
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the source

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Source MongoDB Hosted can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import streamkap_source_mongodbhosted.example-source-mongodbhosted 00000000000000000000000000
```
