---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_source Resource - terraform-provider-streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Source MySQL resource
---

# streamkap_source (Resource)

Source MySQL resource

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) Source config (Json String)
- `connector` (String) Source connector
- `name` (String) The name of the source

<!-- Example -->

## Example Usage

### PostgreSQL Connector

```terraform
data "streamkap_token" "this" {}
resource "streamkap_source" "postgresql" {
  name      = "My Postgres"
  connector = "postgresql"
  config = jsonencode({
    "database.hostname.user.defined"            = "localhost"
    "database.port"                             = "5432"
    "database.user"                             = "postgres"
    "database.password"                         = "my_password"
    "signal.data.collection.schema.or.database" = "public"
    "database.dbname"                           = "my_database"
    "schema.include.list"                       = "schema1, schema2"
    "table.include.list.user.defined"           = "schema1.table1, schema2.table2, schema2.table3"
    "slot.name"                                 = "streamkap_pgoutput_slot"
    "publication.name"                          = "streamkap_pub"
    "database.sslmode"                          = "require"
    "snapshot.mode.user.defined"                = "Initial"
    "binary.handling.mode"                      = "bytes"
  })
}
```

#### Argument Reference

- `config` - (Required) Source config (Json String)
- `connector` (Required) Set the value as `postgresql` if we want to create a PostgresQL conenctor
- `name` (Required) Source name

##### "config" object

- `database.hostname.user.defined` - (Required) PostgreSQL Hostname. For example, postgres.something.rds.amazonaws.com
- `database.port` (Required) PostgreSQL Port. For example, 5432
- `database.user` (Required) Username to access the database
- `database.password` (Required) Password to access the database
- `signal.data.collection.schema.or.database` (Required) Streamkap will use a table in this schema to monitor incremental snapshotting. Follow the instructions in the documentation for creating this table and specify which schema to use here
- `database.dbname` (Required) Database from which to stream data
- `schema.include.list` (Required) Comma-separated list of schemas to include in the stream.
- `table.include.list.user.defined` (Required) Comma-separated list of source tables to sync
- `slot.name` (Required) The name of the replication slot for the connector to use.
- `publication.name` (Required) The name of the publication for the connector to use.
- `database.sslmode` (Required) Whether to use an encrypted connection to the PostgreSQL server. Options: `required` and `disable`
- `binary.handling.mode` (Required) Specifies how the data for binary columns e.g. blob, binary, varbinary should be represented. This setting depends on what the destination is. See the documentation for more details. Options: `bytes`, `base64`, `hex` and `base64-url-safe`

### MySQL Connector

```terraform
data "streamkap_token" "this" {}
resource "streamkap_source" "mysql" {
  name      = "MySQL"
  connector = "mysql"
  config = jsonencode({
    "database.hostname.user.defined"     = "localhost"
    "database.port.user.defined"         = "3306"
    "database.user"                      = "root"
    "database.password"                  = "password"
    "database.include.list.user.defined" = "database1, database2"
    "table.include.list.user.defined"    = "database1.table1, database2.table2",
    "database.connectionTimeZone"        = "SERVER",
    "database.connectionTimeZone"        = "SERVER"
    "snapshot.gtid"                      = "Yes"
    "snapshot.mode.user.defined"         = "When Needed"
    "binary.handling.mode"               = "bytes"
    "heartbeat.enabled"                  = false
    "ssh.enabled"                        = true
    "ssh.port"                           = "22"
    "ssh.user"                           = "streamkap"
    "ssh.public.key.user.displayed"      = "public_key"
  })
}
```

#### Argument Reference

- `config` - (Required) Source config (Json String)
- `connector` (Required) Set the value as `mysql` if we want to create a MySQL conenctor
- `name` (Required) Source name

##### "config" object

- `database.hostname.user.defined` - (Required) MySQL Hostname. For example, mysqldb.something.rds.amazonaws.com
- `database.port` (Required) MySQL Port. For example, 5432
- `database.user` (Required) Username to access the database
- `database.password` (Required) Password to access the database
- `database.include.list.user.defined` (Required) Comma-separated list of schemas to include in the stream.
- `table.include.list.user.defined` (Required) Comma-separated list of source tables to sync
- `database.connectionTimeZone` (Required) Set the connection timezone. If set to SERVER, the source will detect the connection time zone from the values configured on the MySQL server session variables 'time_zone' or 'system_time_zone'. Options: `SERVER`, `UTC`, `Africa/Cairo`, ` Asia/Riyadh`, `Africa/Casablanca`, `Asia/Seoul`, `Africa/Harare`, `Asia/Shanghai`, `Africa/Monrovia`, `Asia/Singapore`, `Africa/Nairobi`, `Asia/Taipei`, `Africa/Tripoli`, `Asia/Tehran`, `Africa/Windhoek`, `Asia/Tokyo`, `America/Araguaina`, `Asia/Ulaanbaatar`, `America/Asuncion`, `Asia/Vladivostok`, `America/Bogota`, `Asia/Yakutsk`, `America/Buenos_Aires`, `Asia/Yerevan`, `America/Caracas`, `Atlantic/Azores`, `America/Chihuahua`, `Australia/Adelaide`, `America/Cuiaba`, `Australia/Brisbane`, `America/Denver`, `Australia/Darwin`, `America/Fortaleza`, `Australia/Hobart`, `America/Guatemala`, `Australia/Perth`, `America/Halifax`, `Australia/Sydney`, `America/Manaus`, `Brazil/East`, `America/Matamoros`, `Canada/Newfoundland`, `America/Monterrey`, `Canada/Saskatchewan`, `America/Montevideo`, `Canada/Yukon`, `America/Phoenix`, `Europe/Amsterdam`, `America/Santiago`, `Europe/Athens`, `America/Tijuana`, `Europe/Dublin`, `Asia/Amman`, `Europe/Helsinki`, `Asia/Ashgabat`, `Europe/Istanbul`, `Asia/Baghdad`, `Europe/Kaliningrad`, `Asia/Baku`, `Europe/Moscow`, `Asia/Bangkok`, `Europe/Paris`, `Asia/Beirut`, `Europe/Prague`, `Asia/Calcutta`, `Europe/Sarajevo`, `Asia/Damascus`, `Pacific/Auckland`, `Asia/Dhaka`, `Pacific/Fiji`, `Asia/Irkutsk`, `Pacific/Guam`, `Asia/Jerusalem`, `Pacific/Honolulu`, `Asia/Kabul`, `Pacific/Samoa`, `Asia/Karachi`, `US/Alaska`, `Asia/Kathmandu`, `US/Central`, `Asia/Krasnoyarsk`, `US/Eastern`, `Asia/Magadan`, `US/East-Indiana`, `Asia/Muscat`, `US/Pacific` and `Asia/Novosibirsk`.
- `snapshot.gtid` (Required) GTID snapshots are read only but require some prerequisite settings, including enabling GTID on the source database. See the documentation for more details. Options: `Yes` and `No`
- `binary.handling.mode` (Required) Specifies how the data for binary columns e.g. blob, binary, varbinary should be represented. This setting depends on what the destination is. See the documentation for more details. Options: `bytes`, `base64`, `hex` and `base64-url-safe`
- `heartbeat.enabled` (Required) Heartbeats are used to keep the pipeline healthy when there is a low volume of data at times.
- `ssh.enabled` (Required) Specifies how the data for binary columns e.g. blob, binary, varbinary should be represented. This setting depends on what the destination is. See the documentation for more detaStreamkap will connect to SSH server in your network which has access to your database. This is necessary if Streamkap cannot connect directly to your database.
- `ssh.host` (Required if `ssh.enabled`) Hostname of your SSH server
- `ssh.port` (Required if `ssh.enabled`) Port of your SSH server
- `ssh.user` (Required if `ssh.enabled`) User that allows Streamkap to connect to SSH server
- `ssh.public.key.user.displayed` (Required if `ssh.enabled`) Public key to add to SSH server
