---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_source_oracleaws Resource - terraform-provider-streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Oracle RDS source connector.
  This resource creates and manages a Oracle RDS source for Streamkap data pipelines.
  Documentation https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform
---

# streamkap_source_oracleaws (Resource)

Manages a **Oracle RDS source connector**.

This resource creates and manages a Oracle RDS source for Streamkap data pipelines.

[Documentation](https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_dbname` (String) Database from which to stream data.
- `database_hostname` (String) Oracle Hostname Or IP address
- `database_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to access the database

**Security:** This value is marked sensitive and will not appear in CLI output or logs.
- `database_user` (String) Username to access the database
- `name` (String) Name of the source
- `schema_include_list` (String) Schemas to include.
- `signal_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a table in this schema to monitor incremental snapshotting. Follow the instructions in the documentation for creating this table and specify which schema to use here.
- `table_include_list` (String) Source tables to sync.

### Optional

- `binary_handling_mode` (String) Specifies how the data for binary columns e.g. blob, binary, varbinary should be represented. This setting depends on what the destination is. See the documentation for more details. Defaults to `bytes`. Valid values: `bytes`, `base64`, `base64-url-safe`, `hex`.
- `column_exclude_list` (String) An optional, comma-separated list of regular expressions that match the fully-qualified names of columns that should be excluded from change event record values. Fully-qualified names for columns are of the form schemaName.tableName.columnName.
- `database_port` (Number) Oracle Port. For example, 1521 Defaults to `1521`.
- `heartbeat_data_collection_schema_or_database` (String) Streamkap will use a table in this database to simulate activity from the source database to keep the database transaction log 'alive'.

**Conditionally required:** This field is required when `heartbeat_enabled` is `true`.
- `heartbeat_enabled` (Boolean) Heartbeats are used to monitor whether the connector is still receiving change events from the database, especially when there is low and intermittent traffic. Defaults to `true`.
- `schema_history_internal_store_only_captured_databases_ddl` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connector records schema structures from all logical databases in the database instance or only captured databases. Enabling this when you have many databases in your instance can improve performance and avoid timeouts. Defaults to `false`.
- `schema_history_internal_store_only_captured_tables_ddl` (Boolean) Specifies whether the connector records schema structures from all logical tables in the captured schemas or databases, or only captured tables. Enabling this when you have many tables can improve performance and avoid timeouts. Defaults to `false`.
- `ssh_enabled` (Boolean) Streamkap will connect to SSH server in your network which has access to your database. This is necessary if Streamkap cannot connect directly to your database. Defaults to `false`.
- `ssh_host` (String) Hostname of your SSH server.

**Conditionally required:** This field is required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`.
- `ssh_port` (Number) Port of your SSH server. Defaults to `22`.

**Conditionally required:** This field is required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Public key to add to SSH server. Defaults to `<SSH.PUBLIC.KEY>`.

**Conditionally required:** This field is required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`.
- `ssh_user` (String) User that allows Streamkap to connect to SSH server. Defaults to `streamkap`.

**Conditionally required:** This field is required when `ssh_enabled` is `true`.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `connector` (String) Connector type
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the source

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Source Oracle AWS can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import streamkap_source_oracleaws.example-source-oracleaws 00000000000000000000000000
```
