---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamkap_transform_enrich_async Resource - streamkap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Enrich Async transform connector.
  This resource creates and manages a Enrich Async transform for Streamkap data pipelines.
  Documentation https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform
---

# streamkap_transform_enrich_async (Resource)

Manages a **Enrich Async transform connector**.

This resource creates and manages a Enrich Async transform for Streamkap data pipelines.

[Documentation](https://docs.streamkap.com/streamkap-provider-for-terraform)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the transform

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `transforms_async_capacity` (Number) If one async call takes 10ms and the target throughput per task is 1000 records per second, then the capacity should be 1000 * 10ms = 10 parallel requests. Defaults to `10`.
- `transforms_async_timeout_ms` (Number) Timeout to wait for async operation to complete Defaults to `1000`.
- `transforms_input_serialization_format` (String) Format of the input topics Defaults to `Any`. Valid values: `Any`, `Avro`, `Json`.
- `transforms_input_topic_pattern` (String) Regex pattern to search for the input topics Defaults to `placeholder-input-topic-pattern-to-be-revised-during-implementation`.
- `transforms_language` (String) Language of the datastream. Ex:Javascript or Python Defaults to `JavaScript`. Valid values: `JavaScript`, `Python`.
- `transforms_output_serialization_format` (String) Format of the output topics Defaults to `Any`. Valid values: `Any`, `Avro`, `Json`.
- `transforms_output_topic_pattern` (String) String pattern to save the output topics Defaults to `placeholder-output-replacement-pattern-to-be-revised-during-implementation`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the transform
- `transform_type` (String) Transform type

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
